Yes, if also Hello to It is this Dragon Ball Heroes evil dragon mission 1 Note
I've got it, so I want to make the heights
a it is
At first, this adviser is the future
I will skip my advisor
Hair I might keep doing prima facie
Roughly
It was good to hit this-
Let's use it next time
Hey him is nothing but How something such similar
Let's use this again
Let's use this one again
Poop
I feel like this
Yes it Chaimashou entered Surea cpu r at once
Let's use this next time
From which it is also using now
I used plum
This was good
Insert car Here from here
this
I wonder if you try using a little
This certainly lowers the guard of the other party
Still here
I say battle cup raw This I never used the card action
Let's use it next time
The so-called ur was these two
Gotenks youth
This was really strong
And move gt
This is good
This splash I planned is for I do not collection to use
Yes Doo Well this time it was like this
Well yeah I guess the first day is why such a mon
Well then
This time I'll excuse me here
So much
Bye